feat(v2): allow specifying TOC max depth (themeConfig + frontMatter) (#5578)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/guides/markdown-features/markdown-features-inline-toc.mdx

slug: /markdown-features/inline-toc
---

import BrowserWindow from '@site/src/components/BrowserWindow';

Each Markdown document displays a tab of content on the top-right corner.

But it is also possible to display an inline table of contents directly inside a markdown document, thanks to MDX.

## Full table of contents {#full-table-of-contents}

The `toc` variable is available in any MDX document, and contains all the headings of a MDX document.

> By default, only h2 and h3 variables will be shown in the TOC, but you can change which heading levels will be show by setting `maxHeadingLevel` or `minHeadingLevel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only `h2` and `h3` headings are displayed in the TOC.
You can change which heading levels are visible by setting `maxHeadingLevel` or `minHeadingLevel`.
```

How about this?

- Use monospaced font for `h2` and `h3`.
- Rewrite sentences to be easier to understand and read.
